hey everyone so I'm here today to show
you guys my July little black bag now
I'm really excited about this one
because I got a bunch of stuff that I'm
really happy with and I'm also going to
be giving one of my items away so a lot
of you note that I kind of like am
obsessed a little black bag I have two
other videos on it and if you kind of
wanna know more about it like in depth
of how it works and stuff I will put
some information in the description box
I'll put my two past videos um you know
opening my boxes and stuff like that are
they show you guys when I got and then
I'm going to show you what you will be
wedding so the first thing is this
little bracelet it's from all the range
I don't remember how much this retails
for but this is what it looks like just
kinda like a little charm bracelet
really cute I think it'd be ideal for
like the people who love to stack like
I'm personally not a stacker but if
you're a stacker you might like this I
like it cuz it's casual and you can just
throw it on with anything it's just a
really simple piece and I don't know I
just like the little leaf details and it
has the little rope tie thing you know
like how you can tighten it like pulling
the Rope Center but it's really cute
well I have really been in love with the
brains and it's I found out about them
through a little black bag and I've
actually been loving all their stuff I
have a few pieces from them so again
this is from Zaid and this is a
different piece of it's a necklace but
it's a fringe necklace so it's just kind
of like has this little fringe all the
way down it's a long necklace but I like
it I feel like it would definitely spice
up any outfit very long and it's just
totally different I don't have anything
like this so I really like that then
this is my um this is the thing that I
started my bag with and usually the
items that I start my bag with I will
not give up because I'm like set on
those items and I thought this one was
gonna be super duper small but it is a
lot bigger than I thought it was gonna
be so it is a BCBG generation mini
crossbody now when I heard mini and I
saw the photo of it I thought it was
like super super mini like it's gonna be
like super tiny but it's actually pretty
big
it's about I'd say two two and a half
maybe inches wine and you can see right
here it retails for $78 which I thought
cool because the bags only $54 a month
and I also have BCBG new generation on
the bag and this is again I don't know
if I said the like snake embossed
crossbody but it has a really nice chain
and it's really really cute I like the
little detail on top right here you can
see a chain over the snake embossed
thing again but it's a really big
crossbody and bringing the press for
that it has the turn or the crosswalk or
gonna be caught and then in here you
just have one little pocket like for
your cell phone and then a really big
apartment to just put everything that
you want in there so that's what I got
in my little black bag I absolutely love
it especially the BCBG one and this is
what you guys will be getting on this
giveaway is international also I don't
know if you could send hairspray
international please let me know because
I'd love to send this to you it's just a
regular hairspray from redkin and I
already have this from the samples that
a little black bag ding sent me for that
video I did but we wanted to give us out
20 you guys so if I can send us
internationally let me know if not that
I guess I'll just hold it off for maybe
another giveaway but it is a scarf that
you'll be getting and this also comes
with a little scarf ring so you can kind
of put your scarf in and this is so cute
like I didn't know it said this on here
but you'll see I just thought was
horrible
it has the tag still on it where's it at
and it's originally $28 if you guys can
see that and it's from the brand dare to
be scored no that's not the brand no
it's from made of me made of made of me
I guess yeah okay so it kind of has like
this floral type pattern on it it's very
very pretty but this is the cutest part
I feel like it has a heart on it you can
see it's really cute and on the bottom
it says best friends how cute is that I
thought was adorable because you know
I'm giving this away and it says best
friends on it so we'll be like more
friends so I
actually consider all of you my friends
but I thought this was just adorable to
give away because I don't know I really
liked it and I thought it'd just be so
cute I feel like used to be a great
transition piece from summer to fall
just because of the Burgundy's and the
darker kind of color so I thought this
was adorable I'm gonna make this
giveaway really simple all you have to
do is just make sure you're subscribed
to me and that's it you don't have to
follow me on Twitter or Facebook
anything like that because that's just a
whole bunch of hassle because some
people don't have those sites so yeah
just make sure you subscribe to me and
leave a comment down below I know school
is starting soon at least around here in
August is when school usually starts so
let me know what your favorite thing
what's your favorite thing you've done
so far this summer that's all yeah and
you can enter as many times as you want
and don't spam other people just for the
fun of it so I don't really like to do
that a lot but yeah good luck to
everyone if you're interested remember
this is international I can't wait to
see who wins and I will see you all in
my next video bye